README.md, before:

# Arduboy Flashcart Loader

Single command index, build and upload for the Arduboy FX. Utilities to make loading new game libraries onto the FX chip a little easier. Thanks to [Mr.Blinky](https://github.com/MrBlinky) for all the great work in putting together the [Arduboy Python Utilities](https://github.com/MrBlinky/Arduboy-Python-Utilities) that this package uses.


## Quick Start

1. Clone the repo

```
$ git clone --recursive git@github.com:chrisdiana/arduboy-flashcart-loader.git
```

2. Install dependencies

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Setup your game library using the `example-flashcart` directory as a template. Follow the directory structure below:

```
    - 01-Action
    - - 01-Hopper.hex           # game file
    - - 01-Hopper.png           # game screen file
    - - 02-Lasers.hex
    - - 02-Lasers.png
    - 02-Adventure
    - - 01-Arena.hex
    - - 01-Arena.png
    - Categories                # category screens directory
    - - 01-Action.png           # category screen file
    - - 02-Adventure.png        # category screen file
    - arduboy_loader.png        # title screen
    - flashcart-image.bin       # flash cart image
    - flashcart-index.csv       # flash card index directory needed to build image
```

4. Connect your Arduboy FX and run the `all` command while passing the directory of your flashcart

```bash
$ ./run.sh all example-flashcart/
```


## Run commands standalone

Generate the flashcart index file

```
$ ./run.sh index example-flashcart/

OR

$ python src/generate_flashcart_bin.py example-flashcart/
```

Generate the flashcart image bin file

```
$ ./run.sh build example-flashcart/

OR

$ python Arduboy-Python-Utilities/flashcart-builder.py example-flashcart/flashcart-index.csv
```

Load the image onto the Arduboy

```
$ ./run.sh write example-flashcart/

OR

$ python Arduboy-Python-Utilities/flashcart-writer.py example-flashcart/flashcart-image.bin
```

Commit message:

Add note at top of readme telling people about the "Arduboy FX Cart Builder" website
Seems useful to tell people about as there are a bunch of old forum threads warning people how hard it is to make additions to the FX menus and add new games, at least some of those threads link here.

README.md, after:

:warning: **If you are just looking for a way to upload more games to your Arduboy FX**: Use this new website that doesn't require installing anything on your computer, it uses newer web features to talk directly to USB devices.

[Arduboy FX Cart Builder](https://www.bloggingadeadhorse.com/cart/Cart.html)

# Arduboy Flashcart Loader

Single command index, build and upload for the Arduboy FX. Utilities to make loading new game libraries onto the FX chip a little easier. Thanks to [Mr.Blinky](https://github.com/MrBlinky) for all the great work in putting together the [Arduboy Python Utilities](https://github.com/MrBlinky/Arduboy-Python-Utilities) that this package uses.


## Quick Start

1. Clone the repo

```
$ git clone --recursive git@github.com:chrisdiana/arduboy-flashcart-loader.git
```

2. Install dependencies

```
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

3. Setup your game library using the `example-flashcart` directory as a template. Follow the directory structure below:

```
    - 01-Action
    - - 01-Hopper.hex           # game file
    - - 01-Hopper.png           # game screen file
    - - 02-Lasers.hex
    - - 02-Lasers.png
    - 02-Adventure
    - - 01-Arena.hex
    - - 01-Arena.png
    - Categories                # category screens directory
    - - 01-Action.png           # category screen file
    - - 02-Adventure.png        # category screen file
    - arduboy_loader.png        # title screen
    - flashcart-image.bin       # flash cart image
    - flashcart-index.csv       # flash card index directory needed to build image
```

4. Connect your Arduboy FX and run the `all` command while passing the directory of your flashcart

```bash
$ ./run.sh all example-flashcart/
```


## Run commands standalone

Generate the flashcart index file

```
$ ./run.sh index example-flashcart/

OR

$ python src/generate_flashcart_bin.py example-flashcart/
```

Generate the flashcart image bin file

```
$ ./run.sh build example-flashcart/

OR

$ python Arduboy-Python-Utilities/flashcart-builder.py example-flashcart/flashcart-index.csv
```

Load the image onto the Arduboy

```
$ ./run.sh write example-flashcart/

OR

$ python Arduboy-Python-Utilities/flashcart-writer.py example-flashcart/flashcart-image.bin
```
